https://codepen.io/amengel18/pen/vYGWMdw

1. What is Semantic HTML? It defines content.

    2. What is HTML used for? It is used to create pages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes provide information about elements and are put in the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? It is for header 1 and should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. Links and images

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <title>

    7. What is an id? An attribute for an element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any, but must be unique for the page.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once.

    10. What is a class? It is mostly used to style an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? As many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? Use the _blank attribute value

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? Specifies an alternate text for an image, if the image cannot be displayed.
 
    15. How do I reference an id? with a #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? Section means content is grouped, div is for styling.

    17. What is CSS used for? Used for style and layout of pages.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page    h2 { }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one  A class is for grouping like things, an id is used for one specific thing. A class would be used for grouping all felines together, an id would be for specically tigers.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It is used to select a specified selector. It is used to style a specific element with the tag.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.class {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector? It is used to style when moused over, or visited often.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:capitals; text-transform:lowercase; text-trasnform:capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
		div.container {
			border: 1px dotted black;
		}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? body {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? git status .
 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm or ~r  It doesn't prompt to check to make sure you want to delete the files.

    34. Why should I use version control? To keep track of changes made when collaborating

    35. How often should I commit to github? Often, but it should be specific and meaningful

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push orgin <your-branch-name>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork the repo
	Add collaborator
	Clone the repo
	Add repo in the terminal
	Check out repo
	Open project repo in text editor
	Commit changes
	Push repo
	Create a Pull request
	Choose forked repo as repository
	Add collaborator as reviewer and pull request

